Update CHANGELOG.md (#4684)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

4.60.0
==========
### New Features
- AAD client assertions are computed using SHA 256 and PSS padding. See [4428](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4428)
- CorrelationId is available in MsalException. See [4187](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4187)
- Open telemetry records telemetry for proactive token refresh background process. See [4492](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4492)
- MSAL.Net now supports generic authorities with query parameters. See [4631](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4631)

### Bug Fixes
- MSAL.Net now logs an error when OBO is performed over common or organizations. See [4606](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4606)
- MSAL.Net now handles the v2.0 authorization endpoint. See [4416](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4416)

> - Improved logging and error message when the web api received claims challenge. See [4496](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4496)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved logging and error message when the web api receives a claims challenge. See [4496](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4496)
```

> - Cloud shell error message from the managed identity endpoint is parsed correctly. See [4402](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4402)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cloud shell error message from the managed identity endpoint is now parsed correctly. See [4402](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4402)
```
